docs: added Palette CLI subcommand (#1421)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/12.5-palette-cli/20-commands.md

  * `help`       -   Help with any command.

>   * [`login`](#login)      -  Login to Palette.

Reviewer: @karl-cardenas-coding I wonder if we should change this to say 'Palette login' so that 'Login' isn't confused with the verb _to log in_.

Author: It should match the command as it appears in the CLI.

>   * [`login`](#login)      -  Login to Spectro Cloud Palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [`login`](#login)      -  Login to Palette.
```

| `-w`       | `--workspace`   | Workspace location for staging runtime configurations and logs (default `$HOME/.palette`) |   string      |      

# Login

> The `login` subcommand can be used to authenticate the Palette CLI with Palette. The `login` subcommand can be used in an interactive mode that will prompt you for required values. Or, you can use flags to provide the subcommand with all the required values such as the API key, the organization ID, and the Palette URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `login` subcommand authenticates the Palette CLI with Palette. The `login` subcommand can be used in interactive mode, which prompts you for required values. Or, you can use flags to provide the subcommand with all the required values such s the API key, the organization ID, and the Palette URL.
```

  <br />

| Flag                  | Description                                                                          | Type    |  |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|

> | `--api-key`           | Palette API key (omit for interactive login)                                         | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--api-key`           | Palette API key (omit for interactive login).                                         | string  |
```

> | `--cluster-group-name`| Palette Cluster Group name (optional). Specifies active Cluster Group.               | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-group-name`| Palette Cluster Group name (optional). Specifies the active Cluster Group.               | string  |
```

> | `--cluster-group-scope`| Palette Cluster Group scope. Required with `--cluster-group-name``. Allowed values are: `project`, `tenant` ,`system` |string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cluster-group-scope`| Palette Cluster Group scope. Required with `--cluster-group-name`. Allowed values are: `project`, `tenant` , and `system`. |string |
```

> | `--console-url`       | Palette console URL (omit for interactive login)                                    | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--console-url`       | Palette console URL (omit for interactive login).                                    | string  |
```

> | `--help`              | help for login                                                                       | -       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--help`              | Help for the `login` subcommand.                                                                       | -       |
```

> | `--insecure`          | Skip TLS (bypass x509 verification)                                                  | -       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--insecure`          | Skip Transport Layer Security (TLS) (bypass x509 verification).                                                  | -       |
```

> | `--org`               | Palette Organization name (omit for interactive login)                               | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org`               | Palette Organization name (omit for interactive login).                               | string  |
```

> | `--project`           | Palette Project name (optional). Specifies active Project.                           | string  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--project`           | Palette Project name (optional). Specifies the active Project.                           | string  |
```

Example:

<br />

```shell hideClipboard
palette login --api-key 123456789 --org demo-org --console-url https://console.spectrocloud.com
```

If you want to target a specific project when using the `login` command, use the `--project` flag.

<br />

```shell hideClipboard
palette login  \
 --api-key 123456789 \
 --org demo-org  \
 --console-url https://console.spectrocloud.com \
 --project dev-team
```

> A local configuration file named **palette.yaml** is created upon successful login. This file contains the metadata for CLI operations and is created in your $HOME directory under the folder name **.palette**. The following output is an example of a **palette.yaml** configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon successful login, a local configuration file named **palette.yaml** is created. This file contains the metadata for CLI operations and is created in your $HOME directory under the folder name **.palette**. The following output is an example of a **palette.yaml** configuration file.
```

<br />

```yaml hideClipboard
paletteConfig:
  organization: demo-org
  scope: tenant
  projectName: dev-team
  projectUid: 6342eab2faa0813ead9082e0
  clusterGroupName: beehive
  clusterGroupUid: 635669ba4583891d109fe6c0
  tenantUid: 40b8a9a7f724831be814e5734ea744ed 
  ubuntuConfig:
    enablefips: false
    token: ""
  scarConfig:
    scarLoc: ""
    scarUsername: ""
    scarPassword: ""
  mgmt:
    apikey: 123456789
    endpoint: https://console.spectrocloud.com
    insecure: false
    pairingcode: ""
runLoc: /Users/demo/.palette/
workspaceLoc: /Users/demo/.palette
```

# PCG

> The `pcg` subcommand supports Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) operations such as the installation of PCG cluster and validating the cluster is installed correctly. The `pcg` command exposes the following subcommands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pcg` subcommand supports Private Cloud Gateway (PCG) operations, such as installing a PCG cluster and validating its installation. The `pcg` command exposes the following subcommand.
```
